4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-general-editor-animation-player-quality-of-life-updates.md

---
type: entry
section: general
subsection: editor
rank: 10
importance: 2
anchor: animation-player-quality-of-life-upgrades
title: Animation player quality-of-life upgrades
text: |

>   The animation player did receive some needed love.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The animation player has received some needed love!
```

>   The animation player has received some needed love!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The animation player has received some much needed love!
```
The expression is always "much needed love", not just "needed love", for some reason.

>   - You can now use the selection box to select and scale the bezier editor points. It makes it a piece of cake to perform changes in batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can now use the selection box to select and scale Bézier editor points. Now it's a piece of cake to perform batch changes.
```

>   - When creating bezier points, you can now auto tangent new points in a balanced or mirrored manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - When creating Bézier points, you can now auto-tangent new points in a balanced or mirrored manner.
```

>   - You can now sort the animation player animations alphabetically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can now sort the animation player's animations alphabetically.
```

>   - You can now use the selection box to select and scale Bézier editor points. Now it’s a piece of cake to perform batch changes.
>   - When creating Bézier points, you can now auto-tangent new points in a balanced or mirrored manner.
>   - You can now sort the animation player’s animations alphabetically.
>   - It is also now possible to filter animations by their name!

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we don't need so many "now"s, which get a bit grating after so many in a row? In general, everything in these release notes is new, i.e. something you can now do. So maybe just:
```suggestion
  - You can use the selection box to select and scale Bézier editor points. Now it’s a piece of cake to perform batch changes.
  - When creating Bézier points, you can auto-tangent new points in a balanced or mirrored manner.
  - You can sort the animation player’s animations alphabetically.
  - It is also possible to filter animations by name!
```
EDIT: changed "by their name" too.

Reviewer 3: I'd say it's "by their names"

Reviewer 2: Actually, I think just "by name" is better, i.e. drop the "their".

Reviewer 3: That sounds better!

Reviewer: Going a bit further yet on this, I'm wondering if the use of "you can" in the list items here is necessary. It feels a bit repetitive to me, and should be implied by inclusion on the list itself.
